hocuspocus/README.MD, before:

# Hocus-pocus animatronic eye

## Overview
This project is to create a halloween prop of the book in the movie Hocus Pocus. It uses an audrino pro mini micro controller and an HC-06 bluetooth LE slave. The bluetooth LE device is controled from an android phone app. Sorry Apple IPhone's they don't work with the HC-06 I built this project on.

## Hardware Requirements
1. One(1) Audrino Pro mini board ATMEGA328P 16mhz 5v board. [Order Pro Mini](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B015MGHLNA/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s02?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
1. One(1) HC-06 Bluetooth 2.0 SPP Wireless BT module. [Order HC-06](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B074J5WMH1/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
1. One(1) hollow book available at most craft stores. L11 x W 8.5 x H 2.6 [hollow book](https://www.michaels.com/medium-yellow-and-pink-floral-book-box-by-ashland/10617554.html)
1. Two(2) MG90S Mini Serveros [MG90S](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07S85BC41/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)

## Additional items
1. FTDI programer so that you can program/upload the application to the Adurino Pro mini board. [FT232RL FTDI Mini USB to TTL Serial Converter Adapter Module](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IJXZQ7C/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
2. 3d printer to print the animatronic mechanisim.
3. Breadboard to test the cuircuit.
4. Jumper wires. [Jumper wire ribon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01EV70C78/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s02?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
5. Soldering iron, solder wire, flux, prototype pcb board, and paint.

Commit message:

Update link to thingverse
Thingiverse update link

hocuspocus/README.MD, after:

# Hocus-pocus animatronic eye

## Overview
This project is to create a halloween prop of the book in the movie Hocus Pocus. It uses an audrino pro mini micro controller and an HC-06 bluetooth LE slave. The bluetooth LE device is controled from an android phone app. Sorry Apple IPhone's they don't work with the HC-06 I built this project on.

This uses the modified animitronic eye [3d printentd Thingiverse print](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:3190570)

## Hardware Requirements
1. One(1) Audrino Pro mini board ATMEGA328P 16mhz 5v board. [Order Pro Mini](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B015MGHLNA/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s02?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
1. One(1) HC-06 Bluetooth 2.0 SPP Wireless BT module. [Order HC-06](https://smile.amazon.com/gp/product/B074J5WMH1/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s01?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
1. One(1) hollow book available at most craft stores. L11 x W 8.5 x H 2.6 [hollow book](https://www.michaels.com/medium-yellow-and-pink-floral-book-box-by-ashland/10617554.html)
1. Two(2) MG90S Mini Serveros [MG90S](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B07S85BC41/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)

## Additional items
1. FTDI programer so that you can program/upload the application to the Adurino Pro mini board. [FT232RL FTDI Mini USB to TTL Serial Converter Adapter Module](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00IJXZQ7C/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
2. 3d printer to print the animatronic mechanisim.
3. Breadboard to test the cuircuit.
4. Jumper wires. [Jumper wire ribon](https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01EV70C78/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o06_s02?ie=UTF8&psc=1)
5. Soldering iron, solder wire, flux, prototype pcb board, and paint.
